[D1] Adding a line of text to encourage horizontal scaling in D1 (#18046)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/d1/index.mdx

<Plan type="workers-all" />

D1 is Cloudflare's native serverless database. D1 allows you to build applications that handle large amounts of users at no extra cost. With D1, you can restore your database to any minute within the last 30 days.

> D1 is Cloudflare's managed, serverless database with SQLite's SQL semantics, built-in disaster recovery, and Worker & HTTP API access.

Reviewer: this sentence should replace the paragraph. sorry my suggestion wasn't clear

Author: Ah I misunderstood - will edit.

D1 is Cloudflare’s native serverless database. D1 allows you to build applications that handle large amounts of users at no extra cost. With D1, you can restore your database to any minute within the last 30 days.

D1 is Cloudflare’s managed, serverless database with SQLite's SQL semantics, built-in disaster recovery, and Worker & HTTP API access. 

> D1 is designed for horizontal scale out across multiple, smaller (10GB) databases, such as per-user, per-tenant or per-entity databases. D1 allows you to build applications with 1000s of databases at no extra cost for isolating with multiple databases; D1 pricing is based only on query and storage costs.

Author: ```suggestion
D1 is designed for horizontal scale out across multiple, smaller (10 GB) databases, such as per-user, per-tenant or per-entity databases. D1 allows you to build applications with thousands of databases at no extra cost for isolating with multiple databases; D1 pricing is based only on query and storage costs.
```

D1 is Cloudflare’s native serverless database. D1 allows you to build applications that handle large amounts of users at no extra cost. With D1, you can restore your database to any minute within the last 30 days.

> D1 is designed to be scaled out horizontally - we recommend creating multiple, smaller databases for your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
D1 is Cloudflare’s managed, serverless database with SQLite's SQL semantics, built-in disaster recovery, and Worker & HTTP API access. 

D1 is designed for horizontal scale out across multiple, smaller (10GB) databases, such as per-user, per-tenant or per-entity databases. D1 allows you to build applications with 1000s of databases at no extra cost for isolating with multiple databases; D1 pricing is based only on query and storage costs.
```
